I'm so gonna get back at Ross oh yeah
this is Sean here we go
what are you doing oh you'll see my
friend I'm dead and so young hosting
that I died that really isn't funny
well how you died was funny oh please
hit by a blimp it kills over one
Americans every year
unbelievable my classmates are gonna
think I'm dead
my professors might my parents are gonna
get phone calls you're messing with
people's feelings here you want to talk
about people's feelings you should have
heard how hurt professor Stern was
yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be
able to go with him to Key West you've
really crossed a line here but that's
okay it's okay because I'm on my way to
buy some Photoshop software and a stack
of gay porn that's right you're coming
outs about to get real graphic you know
on the way over here I saw this drunk
guy throw up and then a pigeon ate it
hey Ross look I just wanted to apologize
don't tell me you actually made those
gay pictures of me uh-huh uh-huh
check this out huh so that's what I'd
look like if I worked out and was being
serviced by a policeman you're not gonna
actually send these out are you actually
no I don't need to because your little
Ross is dead joke didn't work okay there
were no responses nobody posted anything
on the website nobody called my parents
so the joke my friend is on you nobody
called nobody wrote anything nobody
cares that I'm dead oh my god
nobody cares I'm dead oh come on you
know that's not true what are you
talking about you get 60 responses just
for coming out of the closet and I get
one more response and I'm dead well the
gay community is a lot more vocal than
the dead community you're right there
isn't a decent outlet right I mean come
on I'm sure if you had a funeral or
memorial service tons of people would
come exactly what do you what do you
what are you doing you're having a
memorial service for yourself no that
would be stupid you're having it for me
Ross don't % nope too late too late it's
sent
oh sorry so's that picture of you and
the policeman
that's all right I'll tell you when I
actually died some people are gonna get
seriously haunted there you go someone
came okay okay I'm gonna go hide oh this
is so exciting my first mourner hi glad
you could come
please come in you're Chandler Bing
right I'm Tom Gordon I was in your class
oh yes yes let me take your coat
Thanks uh I'm so sorry about Ross it's
now at least he died doing what he loved
watching blimps who is it
it was some guy Tom Gordon I remember
him but then again I touched so many
lives so did you know Ross well Oh
actually I barely knew him
yeah I came because I heard Chandler's
news you know if he's seeing anyone
yes he is me what the oh okay
can I ask you a personal question how do
you shave your beard so close
that's not morning for you here we go
hey listen call me King I'm dead and no
one cares I look like a man